switch to rclone csi (#3380)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.46.0
------

> This release introduces universal cloud storage, allowing users to mount storage from various providers such as S3 or WebDAV in sessions, based on RClone.
> It also adds the ability to modify the resource class for a session that is either hibernated or 
> failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces expands Renku's cloud storage functionality in two key ways: First, mounted storages
 are now read _and write_, so you can use mounted storage as an active workspace for your data in a RenkuLab
 session. Second, we have expanded the cloud storage services you can integrate with RenkuLab. You can now
 mount not only S3 buckets, but also WebDAV-based storages and Azure Blobs. 
 
If you use SSH sessions via the CLI, you can use cloud storage there too! Configure cloud storage for your
project on RenkuLab.io, and those storages will be mounted in your remote session. Support for cloud
storage in local Renku sessions is still on our roadmap. 

This release also adds the ability to change which resource class your session uses when you unpause the
session, in case the original resource class is now full.
```

  `#2915 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2915>`_).

**✨ Improvements**

- 🖌️ **UI**: Improve the look and feel of the home page
  (`#2968 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2968>`_,
  `#2937 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2937>`_,
  `#2927 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2927>`_).
- 🔐 **UI**: Use password fields for credentials
  (`#2920 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2920>`_).
- **CLI**: Allow mounting cloud storage in sessions launched from the CLI 
  (`#3629 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-python/issues/3629>`__).
- **Core Service**: return date_published in datasets.list response
  (`#3648 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-python/issues/3648>`__). 

**🐞 Bug Fixes**

- **UI**: Resize the feedback badge on the session settings page
  (`#2953 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2953>`_).
- **UI**: Fix the environment dropdown on the Start session page
  (`#2949 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2949>`_).

Internal Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Improvements**

> - **UI**: Add more features to the admin page to manage resource classes
>   (`#2916 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2916>`_,
>   `#2910 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2910>`_).

Reviewer: These are helpful features! I think it's worth naming what they are.

```suggestion
- **UI**: RenkuLab admins can now add tolerations and node affinities to resource classes
  (`#2916 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2916>`_).
- **UI**: RenkuLab admins can add multiple users to a resource pool at once via a list of emails.
  `#2910 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2910>`_).
```

Also, could you please move this to the User-Facing Changes section? Admins are still users.

Individual Components
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- `amalthea 0.11.0 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/amalthea/releases/tag/0.11.0>`_
- `renku-data-services 0.4.0 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-data-services/releases/tag/v0.4.0>`_
- `renku-notebooks 1.21.0 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-notebooks/releases/tag/1.21.0>`_

> - `renku-ui 3.18.0 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/releases/tag/3.18.0>`_

Reviewer 2: It's weird to have twice the same component in the list.

> - `renku-ui 3.18.0 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/releases/tag/3.18.0>`_

Reviewer 3: We have always listed all the versions included so that single components changelogs serve as a reference.
Personally, I like it cause I know immediately when changes are introduced; otherwise, I would need to open the previous release to check the last version of a component used there
